Now, when I conducted such an experiment for the very first time,
I was absolutely amazed by the window that opened up into the memory of my computer.
Looking at the raw bits and bytes can really take
away a sense of complexity from the topic of memory management.
It can show us that at the very bottom of it,
there are only ones and zeros.
If we know the coding scheme,
we can even understand them.
Now that we have directly accessed memory cells,
the question arises, where this exercise actually took place physically in the computer.
In order to answer this question,
we need to take a close look at
the different forms of computer memory in the next section.
So see you all there shortly.